ZIPList5 Max End-User License Agreement

Please read this License Agreement before using ZIPList5 Max. This is a
contract with important legal consequences. You and your organization, as
the Licensee, indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of this
Agreement by using or copying ZIPList5 Max. 

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT
PERMITTED TO USE ZIPList5 Max, AND YOU MUST IMMEDIATELY DELETE ALL
DOWNLOADED FILES OF ZIPList5 Max FROM YOUR COMPUTER(S) AND/OR PROMPTLY
RETURN THE ZIPList5 Max MEDIA TO CD LIGHT FOR A REFUND OF THE PURCHASE
PRICE.

The invoice issued to you by CD Light when you purchased ZIPList5 Max
indicates which of the following licenses governs your use of ZIPList5
Max. This document contains all three licenses offered by CD Light for
ZIPList5 Max. However, only the license(s) indentified by the invoice
is(are) applicable.


License Overview

CD Light offers two primary licenses and a license addendum for each of its
database products: an enterprise (multi-user, multi-site) license, a
workstation (single-user) license, and a duplication license addendum. The
invoice issued to you by CD Light when you purchased ZIPList5 Max
indicates which of these licenses governs your use of ZIPList5 Max. Please
contact CD Light immediately if the license indicated on your CD Light
invoice does not match the way you intend to use ZIPList5 Max.

The enterprise license is the standard user license for all CD Light
database products. It provides for unlimited use of any one CD Light
database product within your organization. You can copy and install the
database on as many computers or networks as you wish at as many sites as
you wish within your organization. The enterprise license permits an
unlimited number of users within your organization to access the database
simultaneously. If you incorporate some or all of the database into a
program which is used internally by people within your organization, then
you need the enterprise license. Likewise, if you want to incorporate the
database into a product which is accessed via the Internet, then you need
the enterprise license. The enterprise license does not, by itself, grant
you a license to sell the CD Light database itself nor any part of it which
you may have incorporated into your products. For that you must also have
the duplication license addendum, described below.

The workstation (single-user) license is a lower-cost, restricted-use
license intended for those situations where the database is installed on
only a single machine, at one site, and never accessed by more than one
user under any circumstances. Typically, this is a non-networked personal
computer which does not share data or storage with other computers or
users. The workstation license does NOT permit you to access the database
itself or a program incorporating some or all of the database over a
network or the Internet. For that you need the enterprise license.
Moreover, if you want to incorporate the database into a product which you
intend to distribute to other people, you must also have the duplication
license addendum, described below.

The duplication license addendum permits either limited or unlimited
commercial and/or non-profit distribution of products which incorporate
some or all of a CD Light database product. The duplication license is an
add-on license; you must first purchase either a workstation license (in
the case of a single development workstation) or an enterprise license (in
the case of installation on multiple computers or access by multiple users)
for the database you plan to distribute. The duplication license applies
only to the CD Light database identified by the associated workstation or
enterprise license, and only to the one version or annual subscription
covered by that license. In other words, you are permitted to duplicate
data received now or under a current subscription. But in the future if you
wish to purchase an additional update or annual subscription, you must also
purchase a duplication license at that time to cover the data delivered to
you under that workstation or enterprise license agreement. If you do not
purchase a duplication license for the new database delivered under a new
workstation or enterprise license, you are not permitted to duplicate the
new database.

Note that the duplication license addendum permits you to incorporate some
or all of a CD Light database into a product for distribution (which we
call a derivative product), but prohibits the distribution of the raw
database data itself. You must add some value to the database by
incorporating it into another product in order to qualify for the
duplication license. We cannot and will not permit you to distribute our
database products in direct competition with us.


Licensing Examples

Here are a few examples of real-life licensing situations which may help
you understand our intent with regard to the licensing of our database
products.


Example 1. You want to incorporate a CD Light database product into an in-
house order-entry program which verifies the city-state-zip code for
callers placing orders for your products. The order-entry program is used
by ten telephone operators. 

You would need the enterprise license because the database will be accessed
by up to ten simultaneous users within your company, as well as by your
programmers on their development machines.


Example 2. You are a one-man shop developing a dealer-locator program which
you wish to sell to the web masters of web sites around the USA. You plan
to extract the latitude and longitude information from a CD Light database
to use in calculating the distance between ZIP codes. You plan to demo your
dealer locator on your own web site. 

You would need both the enterprise license and the duplication license
addendum. You need the enterprise license because you will be using the
data extracted from the CD Light database in a program accessible to
multiple users via the Internet. And you need the duplication license
addendum because you will be selling portions of the CD Light database to
third parties as a part of your product.


Example 3. You want to use a CD Light database as a reference source to
correct the area codes of customer records in your customer database. All
database area code update work will be performed on a single workstation,
and your customer database is maintained on a server. Your updated customer
database will be available to users throughout your company.

You need only the workstation (single-user) license. The CD Light database
itself will be installed on a single workstation and will NOT be directly
or indirectly accessed by users in your company.


Example 4. You want to develop an application for multi-user in-house use
which you may decide later to sell as a product. Your application would
incorporate data extracted from a CD Light database.

Initially, you might purchase a workstation (single-user) license for
database use on a single development machine. This would be sufficient
during the development phase of a project. But because the final
application is to be used by many people, you would eventually need to
upgrade to an enterprise license. Later, if you decide to sell the product
to others, you would need to add the duplication license.

If you have any questions about licensing of CD Light databases, please
contact us at sales@zipinfo.com or call us at 866-256-2042.

****************************************************************


ZIPList5 Max End-User Enterprise License Agreement


LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read this License Agreement before using ZIPList5 Max. This is a
contract with important legal consequences. You and your organization, as
the Licensee, indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of this
Agreement by using or copying ZIPList5 Max. If you do not agree to the
terms of this License Agreement, you are not permitted to use ZIPList5
Max, and you must immediately delete all downloaded files of ZIPList5 Max
from your computer(s) and/or promptly return the ZIPList5 Max media to CD
Light for a refund of the purchase price.


GRANT OF LICENSE

CD Light grants Licensee the following non-exclusive, world-wide rights
with respect to ZIPList5 Max.  Licensee may: (a) use ZIPList5 Max in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (b) make multiple copies of
ZIPList5 Max for backup or archival purposes; (c) install ZIPList5 Max at
multiple locations and/or on multiple computers or workstations. ZIPList5
Max may be installed on multiple network servers, in whole or in part, or
as part of a derivative work, and may be used simultaneously by an
unlimited number of users within Licensee's organization.


RESTRICTIONS

Licensee may NOT: (a) use or copy ZIPList5 Max except as provided in this
Agreement; (b) transfer, rent, lease, lend, copy, modify, translate,
sublicense, timeshare, or electronically transmit ZIPList5 Max or any
derivatives thereof to any third party; (c) modify, adapt, or translate
ZIPList5 Max in whole or in part, except as provided in this Agreement; or
(d) incorporate ZIPList5 Max into another product for commercial or non-
profit distribution.


DISTRIBUTION

Permission to distribute ZIPList5 Max, in whole or in part, or as part of
a derivative work, outside of Licensee's organization, is not granted by
this Agreement, and is specifically prohibited.


DERIVATIVE WORKS

Permission to prepare derivative works, incorporating ZIPList5 Max in
whole or in part, for use only within Licensee's organization, is granted
to Licensee. Such derivative works may be distributed within Licensee's
organization and/or used simultaneously by an unlimited number of users
within Licensee's organization.

Such derivative works may not be used or distributed, commercially or
privately, outside of the Licensee's organization. The Licensee may obtain
the additional right to distribute derivative works incorporating ZIPList5
Max in whole or in part, outside of Licensee's organization,
but only by acquiring an additional ZIPList5 Max Duplication License
Addendum and paying the appropriate royalty fee to CD Light.


TERM

The term of this Agreement shall be perpetual from the date of the invoice
for ZIPList5 Max issued to Licensee by CD Light.


VERSION UPDATES

This Agreement entitles Licensee to use the one version ("Current Version")
of ZIPList5 Max which is available from CD Light on the date of the
invoice issued to Licensee by CD Light. However, if Licensee has paid for a
quarterly subscription for ZIPList5 Max, Licensee is entitled to receive
the Current Version, plus the next three (3) quarterly version updates of
ZIPList5 Max. If Licensee has paid for a monthly subscription for ZIPList5
Max, Licensee is entitled to receive the Current Version, plus the next
eleven (11) monthly version updates of ZIPList5 Max. All provisions of
this Agreement apply to all versions of ZIPList5 Max delivered to Licensee
by CD Light, and remain in effect after all version updates have been
delivered to Licensee by CD Light.


OWNERSHIP & COPYRIGHT

Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to ZIPList5
Max and all copies thereof shall remain in CD Light and/or its licensors.
ZIPList5 Max is copyrighted and protected by United States copyright laws
and international treaty provisions. Licensee agrees: (a) not to remove any
copyright notice from ZIPList5 Max; (b) to reproduce all such notices on
any authorized copies Licensee makes; and (c) to use best efforts to
prevent any unauthorized copying of ZIPList5 Max.

ZIPList5 Max, in its various forms, is a compilation of information
gathered by CD Light. ZIPList5 Max contains a large body of information
that is public knowledge, but at the same time it represents a substantial
creative compilation effort. Accordingly, it enjoys the same copyright
protection as other reference works, such as dictionaries, that contain
compilation effort. 
 

LIMITED WARRANTY

For a period of thirty (30) days from the date of the ZIPList5 Max invoice
issued to Licensee by CD Light, CD Light warrants that: (a) the media (if
any) on which ZIPList5 Max is distributed will be free from defects in
material and workmanship under normal use; and (b) the database conforms
substantially to the accompanying Documentation. Specifically, CD Light
makes no representation or warranty that ZIPList5 Max data, or the
accompanying Documentation are "error-free", or meet Licensee's particular
standards, requirements, or needs. In all events, any implied warranty,
representation, condition, or other term is limited to the physical media
(if any) and documentation, and is limited to the 30-day duration of the
limited warranty. If CD Light receives notification within the warranty
period of defects in materials or workmanship, and determines that such
notification is correct, CD Light will replace the defective media or
documentation.


NO OTHER WARRANTIES

CD LIGHT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR
CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. ALL OTHER IMPLIED TERMS ARE EXCLUDED.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The entire and exclusive liability and remedy for breach of the limited
warranty shall be limited to replacement of defective media or
documentation and shall not include or extend to any claim for or right to
recover any other damages, including but not limited to, loss of profit,
data, or use of the software or special, incidental or consequential
damages, or other similar claims, even if CD Light has been specifically
advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will CD Light's
liability for any damages to Licensee or any third party ever exceed the
original purchase price paid for the package or the license to use the
software, regardless of the form of the claim.


TERMINATION

Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time. CD Light will
immediately terminate this Agreement and Licensee's right to use ZIPList5
Max without written notice upon Licensee's failure to comply with any
provision of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated for any
reason, Licensee will: (a) cease all use of ZIPList5 Max; and (b) delete
ZIPList5 Max and all copies from all computers on which it is resident.


ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties
relating to this license for ZIPList5 Max and supersedes all prior
agreements, communications, proposals, and representations between the
parties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote,
order, acknowledgment or similar communication. This Agreement may only be
modified by a license addendum which accompanies this license or by a
written document signed by both parties.


GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

ZIPList5 Max is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the United States Government is subject to restrictions as
set forth in subpara-graph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and
Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c) (1) and
(2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause at 48 CFR
52.227-19, as applicable. Manufacturer is CD Light, LLC, 230 N Tranquil Path
Dr, The Woodlands, TX 77380.


GENERAL

This Agreement is governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Texas, USA, except for that body of law dealing with conflicts
of law. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be contrary to law, that provision will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect.

If Licensee has any questions concerning this Agreement, please send email
to support@zipinfo.com or write to CD Light, LLC, 230 N Tranquil Path
Dr, The Woodlands, TX 77380.

****************************************************************


ZIPList5 Max End-User Workstation (Single-User) License Agreement


LICENSE AGREEMENT

Please read this License Agreement before using ZIPList5 Max. This is a
contract with important legal consequences. You and your organization, as
the Licensee, indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of this
Agreement by using or copying ZIPList5 Max. If you do not agree to the
terms of this License Agreement, you are not permitted to use ZIPList5
Max, and you must immediately delete all downloaded files of ZIPList5 Max
from your computer(s) and/or promptly return the ZIPList5 Max media to CD
Light for a refund of the purchase price.


GRANT OF LICENSE

CD Light grants Licensee the following non-exclusive, world-wide rights
with respect to ZIPList5 Max. Licensee may: (a) use ZIPList5 Max in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement; (b) make one copy of ZIPList5
Max for backup or archival purposes; (c) install ZIPList5 Max at a single
location on one computer or one single-user workstation. ZIPList5 Max may
be installed on a network server, in whole or in part, or as part of a
derivative work, provided it is in use at any one time by no more than the
number of Workstation (Single-User) Licenses specified by the ZIPList5 Max
invoice issued to Licensee by CD Light.


RESTRICTIONS

Licensee may NOT: (a) use or copy ZIPList5 Max except as provided in this
Agreement; (b) transfer, rent, lease, lend, copy, modify, translate,
sublicense, timeshare, or electronically transmit ZIPList5 Max or any
derivatives thereof to any third party; (c) modify, adapt, or translate
ZIPList5 Max in whole or in part, except as provided in this Agreement; or
(d) incorporate ZIPList5 Max into another product for commercial or non-
profit distribution.


DISTRIBUTION

Permission to distribute ZIPList5 Max, in whole or in part, or as part of
a derivative work, outside of Licensee's immediate organization, is not
granted by this Agreement, and is specifically prohibited.


DERIVATIVE WORKS

Permission to prepare derivative works, incorporating ZIPList5 Max in
whole or in part, for use only within Licensee's organization, is granted
to Licensee, provided that any such derivative work is in use at any one
time by no more than the number of Workstation (Single-User) Licenses
specified by the ZIPList5 Max invoice issued to Licensee by CD Light.

Such derivative works may not be distributed commercially or privately, or
used outside of the Licensee's immediate organization. The Licensee may
obtain the additional right to distribute derivative works incorporating
ZIPList5 Max in whole or in part, but only by acquiring an additional
ZIPList5 Max Duplication License Addendum and paying the appropriate
royalty fee to CD Light.


TERM

The term of this Agreement shall be perpetual from the date of the invoice
for ZIPList5 Max issued to Licensee by CD Light.


VERSION UPDATES

This Agreement entitles Licensee to use the one version ("Current Version")
of ZIPList5 Max which is available from CD Light on the date of the
invoice issued to Licensee by CD Light. If Licensee has paid for a
quarterly subscription for ZIPList5 Max, Licensee is entitled to receive
the Current Version, plus the next three (3) quarterly version updates of
ZIPList5 Max. If Licensee has paid for a monthly subscription for ZIPList5
Max, Licensee is entitled to receive the Current Version, plus the next
eleven (11) monthly version updates of ZIPList5 Max. All provisions of
this Agreement apply to all versions of ZIPList5 Max delivered to Licensee
by CD Light, and remain in effect after all version updates have been
delivered to Licensee by CD Light.


OWNERSHIP & COPYRIGHT

Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to ZIPList5
Max and all copies thereof shall remain in CD Light and/or its licensors.
ZIPList5 Max is copyrighted and protected by United States copyright laws
and international treaty provisions. Licensee agrees: (a) not to remove any
copyright notice from ZIPList5 Max; (b) to reproduce all such notices on
any authorized copies Licensee makes; and (c) to use best efforts to
prevent any unauthorized copying of ZIPList5 Max.

ZIPList5 Max, in its various forms, is a compilation of information
gathered by CD Light. ZIPList5 Max contains a large body of information
that is public knowledge, but at the same time it represents a substantial
creative compilation effort. Accordingly, it enjoys the same copyright
protection as other reference works, such as dictionaries, that contain
compilation effort. 
 

LIMITED WARRANTY

For a period of thirty (30) days from the date of the ZIPList5 Max invoice
issued to Licensee by CD Light, CD Light warrants that: (a) the media (if
any) on which ZIPList5 Max is distributed will be free from defects in
material and workmanship under normal use; and (b) the database conforms
substantially to the accompanying Documentation. Specifically, CD Light
makes no representation or warranty that ZIPList5 Max data, or the
accompanying Documentation are "error-free", or meet Licensee's particular
standards, requirements, or needs. In all events, any implied warranty,
representation, condition, or other term is limited to the physical media
(if any) and documentation, and is limited to the 30-day duration of the
limited warranty. If CD Light receives notification within the warranty
period of defects in materials or workmanship, and determines that such
notification is correct, CD Light will replace the defective media or
documentation.


NO OTHER WARRANTIES

CD LIGHT SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR
CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. ALL OTHER IMPLIED TERMS ARE EXCLUDED.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

The entire and exclusive liability and remedy for breach of the limited
warranty shall be limited to replacement of defective media or
documentation and shall not include or extend to any claim for or right to
recover any other damages, including but not limited to, loss of profit,
data, or use of the software or special, incidental or consequential
damages, or other similar claims, even if CD Light has been specifically
advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will CD Light's
liability for any damages to Licensee or any third party ever exceed the
original purchase price paid for the package or the license to use the
software, regardless of the form of the claim.


TERMINATION

Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time. CD Light will
immediately terminate this Agreement and Licensee's right to use ZIPList5
Max without written notice upon Licensee's failure to comply with any
provision of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated for any
reason, Licensee will: (a) cease all use of ZIPList5 Max; and (b) delete
ZIPList5 Max and all copies from all computers on which it is resident.


ENTIRE AGREEMENT

This Agreement represents the complete agreement between the parties
relating to this license for ZIPList5 Max and supersedes all prior
agreements, communications, proposals, and representations between the
parties and prevails over any conflicting or additional terms of any quote,
order, acknowledgment or similar communication. This Agreement may only be
modified by a license addendum which accompanies this license or by a
written document signed by both parties.



GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS

ZIPList5 Max is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Use, duplication, or
disclosure by the United States Government is subject to restrictions as
set forth in subpara-graph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in Technical Data and
Computer Software clause at DFARS 252.227-7013 or subparagraphs (c) (1) and
(2) of the Commercial Computer Software-Restricted Rights clause at 48 CFR
52.227-19, as applicable. Manufacturer is CD Light, LLC, 230 N Tranquil Path
Dr, The Woodlands, TX 77380.


GENERAL

This Agreement is governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the State of Texas, USA, except for that body of law dealing with conflicts
of law. If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be contrary to law, that provision will be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible and the remaining provisions of this Agreement
will remain in full force and effect.

If Licensee has any questions concerning this Agreement, please send email
to support@zipinfo.com or write to CD Light, LLC, 230 N Tranquil Path
Dr, The Woodlands, TX 77380.

****************************************************************


ZIPList5 Max Duplication License Addendum


DUPLICATION LICENSE ADDENDUM

Please read this ZIPList5 Max Duplication License Addendum before
duplicating ZIPList5 Max. This Duplication License Addendum amends and
supplements the ZIPList5 Max End-User Enterprise License or End-User
Workstation License to which it is attached. You and your organization, as
the Licensee, indicate your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of this
Addendum by duplicating and distribution to third parties derivative works
containing ZIPList5 Max in whole or in part. If you do not agree to the
terms of this Duplication License Addendum, you are not permitted to
duplicate ZIPList5 Max for distribution to third parties, and you must
immediately notify CD Light for a refund of the duplication license
addendum purchase price.


GRANT OF LICENSE

CD Light grants Licensee the following additional non-exclusive, world-wide
rights with respect to ZIPList5 Max.  Licensee may: (a) use ZIPList5 Max
in accordance with the terms of this Addendum; (b) make multiple copies of
ZIPList5 Max for backup or archival purposes; (c) incorporate ZIPList5
Max, in whole or in part, into a derivative work, for commercial or non-
profit distribution outside of Licensee's organization; and (d) make and
sell multiple copies of the derivative work containing ZIPList5 Max,
provided Licensee makes no more copies than the number specified by the
ZIPList5 Max Duplication License Addendum invoice issued to Licensee by CD
Light.


RESTRICTIONS

Licensee may NOT: (a) use,  copy, or distribute ZIPList5 Max except as
provided in this Addendum; (b) modify, adapt, or translate ZIPList5 Max in
whole or in part, except as provided in this Addendum; or (c) copy and/or
distribute ZIPList5 Max in its entirety as a database file containing
nothing other than raw data.


DISTRIBUTION

Permission to distribute ZIPList5 Max, in whole or in part, as part of a
derivative work, outside of Licensee's organization, is specifically
granted by this Addendum.


DERIVATIVE WORKS

Permission to prepare derivative works, incorporating ZIPList5 Max in
whole or in part is granted to Licensee. Such derivative works may be
distributed commercially or privately outside of the Licensee's
organization.


TERM

The term of this Addendum shall be perpetual from the date of the invoice
for ZIPList5 Max issued to Licensee by CD Light. All provisions of this
Addendum apply to all versions of ZIPList5 Max delivered to Licensee by CD
Light under the terms of the attached ZIPList5 Max Workstation or
Enterprise License Agreement, and remain in effect after all such version
updates have been delivered to Licensee by CD Light.


VERSION UPDATES

This Addendum entitles Licensee to duplicate the one version ("Current
Version") of ZIPList5 Max which is available from CD Light on the date of
the invoice issued to Licensee by CD Light. If Licensee has paid for a
quarterly subscription for ZIPList5 Max, Licensee is entitled to receive
and duplicate the Current Version, plus the next three (3) quarterly
version updates of ZIPList5 Max. If Licensee has paid for a monthly
subscription for ZIPList5 Max, Licensee is entitled to receive receive and
duplicate the Current Version, plus the next eleven (11) monthly version
updates of ZIPList5 Max.  


OWNERSHIP & COPYRIGHT

Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to ZIPList5
Max and all copies thereof shall remain in CD Light and/or its licensors.
ZIPList5 Max is copyrighted and protected by United States copyright laws
and international treaty provisions. Licensee agrees: (a) not to remove any
copyright notice from ZIPList5 Max; (b) to reproduce all such notices on
any authorized copies Licensee makes; and (c) to use best efforts to
prevent any unauthorized copying of ZIPList5 Max.

ZIPList5 Max, in its various forms, is a compilation of information
gathered by CD Light. ZIPList5 Max contains a large body of information
that is public knowledge, but at the same time it represents a substantial
creative compilation effort. Accordingly, it enjoys the same copyright
protection as other reference works, such as dictionaries, that contain
compilation effort. 
 
If Licensee has any questions concerning this Addendum, please send email
to support@zipinfo.com or write to CD Light, LLC, 230 N Tranquil Path Dr, 
The Woodlands, TX 77380.

